Crossover is the world's #1 source of full-time remote jobs. Our clients offer top-tier pay for top-tier talent. We're recruiting this role for our client, IgniteTech. Have you got what it takes?

Are you a C# and .NET whiz with an interest in using cutting-edge technology like generative AI tools? Do you thrive on the challenge of enhancing product performance and customer satisfaction? We have an exciting opportunity for you to join our team!

IgniteTech is not just another workplace; it's a hub of innovation and growth. As a Software Support Specialist, you will play a pivotal role in driving the success of Everest, our ERP business management solution, by leveraging advanced technologies such as ChatGPT. You'll be at the forefront of shaping the market impact of our products and directly influencing customer satisfaction. IgniteTech offers a unique and dynamic environment where your skills will be put to the test, and your contributions will make a lasting impact.

This role isn't just about support; it's a unique blend of maintaining and upgrading Everest software, addressing customer issues with precision, implementing customer-driven features, and optimizing databases using SQL Server. It's an opportunity to take the lead enhancing task efficiency and product quality. This role sets itself apart by providing an advanced technology engagement for impactful solo product support.

As a Software Support Specialist, you'll be a key player in ensuring the efficiency and effectiveness of Everest, working independently to solve challenging software problems. Your proficiency in C#, .NET, JSON, and SQL Server will be crucial in maintaining software excellence. The role uniquely integrates GenAI, setting you on a path to directly impact the success of our flagship product. If you're excited by the prospect of making a difference in a dynamic environment, we encourage you to apply and be a part of our innovative team.

IgniteTech is where your expertise meets innovation. Apply now to ignite your career!

What You Will Be Doing

Regularly updating and optimizing Everest software to ensure peak performance and user satisfaction
Promptly resolving any problems or queries that Everest users encounter, maintaining high standards of customer service
Continuously adding and refining features in Everest based on customer feedback and market trends
Employing GenAI tools to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of tasks, including maintenance, feature implementation, and customer issue resolution

What You Won’t Be Doing

Monotonous tasks; this role offers dynamic challenges and diverse problem-solving opportunities
Getting lost in bureaucracy; instead, you'll have the autonomy to make important business decisions

Artificial Intelligence Engineer Key Responsibilities

Making sure our 50+ customers love Everest, our ERP business management solution

Basic Requirements

At least 5 years of professional experience working with C# in a software development or support role
At least 5 years of experience utilizing the .NET framework
Experience with GenAI technologies (e.g., ChatGPT, Bard, Claude, etc.)
At least 3 years of experience with SQL Server database management

About IgniteTech

If you want to work hard at a company where you can grow and be a part of a dynamic team, join IgniteTech!

Through our portfolio of leading enterprise software solutions, we ignite business performance for thousands of customers globally. We’re doing it in an entirely remote workplace that is focused on building teams of top talent and operating in a model that provides challenging opportunities and personal flexibility.

A career with IgniteTech is challenging and fast-paced. We are always looking for energetic and enthusiastic employees to join our world-class team.

We offer opportunities for personal contribution and promote career development. IgniteTech is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength that diversity brings to the workplace.

There is so much to cover for this exciting role, and space here is limited. Hit the Apply button if you found this interesting and want to learn more. We look forward to meeting you!

Working with Crossover

This is a full-time (40 hours per week), long-term position. The position is immediately available and requires entering into an independent contractor agreement with Crossover. The compensation level for this role is $30 USD/hour, which equates to $60,000 USD/year assuming 40 hours per week and 50 weeks per year. The payment period is weekly. Consult www.crossover.com/help-and-faqs for more details on this topic.

What to expect next:

You will receive an email with a link to start your self-paced, online job application.
Our hiring platform will guide you through a series of online “screening” assessments to check for basic job fit, job-related skills, and finally a few real-world job-specific assignments.

Important! If you do not receive an email from us:

First, emails may take up to 15 minutes to send, refresh and check again.
Second, check your spam and junk folders for an email from Crossover.com, mark as “Not Spam” since you will receive other emails as well.
Third, we will send to whatever email account you indicated on the Apply form - by default, that is the email address you use as your LinkedIn username and it might be different than the one you have already checked.
If all else fails, just reset your password by visiting https://www.crossover.com/auth/password-recovery if you already applied using LinkedIn EasyApply.

Crossover Job Code: LJ-5194-AR-BuenosAi-ArtificialInte