RYZ is looking for a Data Analyst who will be responsible for analyzing product performance, optimizing user engagement, and identifying insightful trends. You will partner effectively with Product and Engineering stakeholders and use a statistical hypothesis-driven approach to testing and optimization, and assist with the launch of new product features by analyzing the results of A/B tests (where applicable) and sharing insights & recommendations to launch new features. You will work with leaders, peers, and stakeholders to identify process improvement opportunities, system modification proposals and create data governance strategies. Also, your responsibilities will include measuring engagement with features in order to produce insights and drive future product decisions, as well as building dashboards/reports and monitoring/analyzing various Product KPIs and metrics.

Basic Qualifications:

 4+ years of experience in an analytics role at a public company or high-growth start-up - previous experience in product analytics/product management is preferred but not required
 Advanced skills in SQL with the ability to write complex and optimized queries
 Proficiency in Tableau or other data visualization tools
 Experience with Experiment design and Test analysis
 Experience in Python and/or R is a big plus
 Ability to prioritize and respond to analytics requests in a fast-paced environment
 Intellectually curious, results-oriented individual with the ability to identify dependencies, and leverage multiple sources of information at once


About RYZ Labs:

RYZ Labs is a startup studio built in 2021 by three lifelong entrepreneurs. The founders of RYZ have worked at some of the world's largest tech companies and some of the most iconic consumer brands. They have lived and worked in Argentina for many years and have decades of experience in Latam. What brought them together is the passion for the early phases of company creation and the idea of attracting the brightest talents in order to build industry-defining companies in a post-pandemic world.

Our teams are remote and distributed throughout the US and Latam. They use the latest cutting edge technologies in cloud computing to create applications that are scalable and resilient. We aim to provide diverse product solutions for different industries, planning to build a large number of startups in the upcoming years.

At RYZ, you will find yourself working with autonomy and efficiency, owning every step of your development. We provide an environment of opportunities, learning, growth, expansion and challenging projects. You will deepen your experience while sharing and learning from a team of great professionals and specialists.

Our values and what to expect:

 Customer First Mentality - every decision we make should be made through the lens of the customer
 Bias for Action - urgency is critical, expect that the timeline to get something done is accelerated
 Ownership - step up if you see an opportunity to help, even if not your core responsibility. Humility and Respect - be willing to learn, be vulnerable, and treat everyone that interacts with RYZ with respect
 Frugality - being frugal and cost conscious helps us do more with less
 Deliver Impact - get things done in the most efficient way
 Raise our Standards - always be looking to improve our processes, our team, our expectations. Status quo is not good enough and never should be