OfferFit was founded by ex-McKinsey and BCG math PhDs, and we’re funded by leading Silicon Valley VCs. OfferFit replaces A/B testing with automated experimentation, powered by self-learning AI. This allows lifecycle marketers to test & improve the performance of their campaigns much faster than before. Customers include leading brands like Brinks Home (leading home security company) and Engie (multinational electric utility), among many others.


Note for Applicants: 



Data shows that men on average apply for a role if they meet 6/10 requirements while women often only do so if it’s 10/10. We work hard to be clear and specific about what our roles require, and we encourage you to apply even if you don’t check all the boxes! Applying gives you the opportunity to be considered and we look forward to reviewing your application!


As we take on more customers and unique challenges, we are looking for a ML Implementation Engineering Technical Lead who can help scale our data science implementation function to the next level. Come join a team creative technical experts who collaborate with customers to ensure their success with OfferFit!


In particular, you will:



Take a hands on role in the implementation of reinforcement learning use cases on the OfferFit platform
Manage and mentor a team of Machine Learning Implementation Engineers
Manage and lead collaboration with Implementation and Customer Success teams (use case definition, data integration, pipeline and ML model configuration, etc.)
Work closely with the Head of Implementation and Head of Data Science to analyze and improve reinforcement learning algorithms
Participate in sessions with prospective customers as the product SME
Contribute to OfferFit’s product strategy and roadmap
Oversee the continuous support OfferFit provides customers to ensure their success
Be a thought leader and mentor for our team of data scientists and engineers


Technical Landscape:



OfferFit is creating a GUI based auto-ML platform and much of the implementation teams work involves configuring ML systems on this platform
Data Science/Back End: Python (Pandas, TF, Flask, Great Expectations), SQL (GBQ)
Architecture/DevOps: Airflow, GCP
Web (not required for this role): JavaScript (Vue, Node.js), HTML, CSS


Why is it great: 



No toy datasets in notebooks — we’re implementing AI pipelines in production at scale!



Be the face of the company, working alongside our customers to help them succeed.
Learn tons about data architecture, data science, and self-learning AI.
Work in a team that not only talks the talk of development best practices, but walks the walk — unit & integration tests, modular design, CI/CD, pair programming, code reviews — the works.
Join OfferFit’s fast-paced, supportive, and professional team. We make sure all of our team members are empowered and receive great mentorship and coaching.


Who’s a Fit: 



Scientific Problem Solver: You think deeply about the data in your ML problem and rigorously search for optimizations
Solid coder: you write clean, well documented code; you care about good design.
Tinkerer: you regularly explore and learn new technologies and methods
Entrepreneurial: you proactively identify opportunities and risks, work around obstacles, and always seek creative ways to improve processes and outcomes
Structured and organized: you can structure a plan, align stakeholders, and see it through to execution
Clear communicator: you are able to express yourself clearly and persuasively, both in writing and verbally


OfferFit Benefits and Perks:



Generous PTO (starting at 25 days PTO per year) and Parental Leave policy (12 weeks paid)
100% remote work environment with flexible hours 
Quarterly gatherings where we meet in person in a different city to work together, bond as a team and celebrate our progress
Weekly team events (lunch and learns, trivia, virtual escape rooms, town hall and team health “barometer” meetings)
Ability to learn and develop under an experienced leadership team (ex-Amazon, McKinsey, BCG, and IBM, among others) who are focused on building a talented, diverse, and inclusive team
Dedication to building a strong culture (e.g., team resource groups, weekly recognitions, major life event celebrations, mental health/sustainability days off, etc)
[US Only] Competitive benefits (major medical, vision, dental and LTD) and 401K matching program
