Founded in 2005, tbo. is a global organization that provides translation, talent, training, teams and testing services to a full range of clients in over 40 countries worldwide, from startups to enterprise-level companies.


tbo. aims to facilitate global communication by bridging the gap between peoples and cultures, providing simple solutions to complex problems, and outstanding service in 100+ languages.


tbo. fosters a culture of continuous improvement, creativity, sustainability and community, with a longstanding commitment to providing high-touch human service.


Job Description



 The Machine Learning Engineer role is responsible for the design, development and implementation of machine learning solutions to serve our organization. This includes ownership or oversight of projects from conception to deployment with appropriate AWS services, Docker, MLFlow, and others. 

The role also includes responsibility for following best practices with which to optimize and measure the performance of our models and algorithms against business goals.


Responsibilities



Design and develop machine learning models and algorithms for various aspects of the localization and business workflow processes, including machine translation, LLM fine tuning, and quality assurance.
Take ownership of key projects from definition to deployment, ensuring that they meet technical requirements and maintain momentum and direction until delivery.
Evaluate and select appropriate machine-learning techniques and algorithms to solve specific problems.
Implement and optimize machine learning models and technologies using Python, TensorFlow, and other relevant tools and frameworks.
Perform statistical analysis and fine-tuning using test results.
Deploy machine learning models and algorithms using appropriate techniques and technologies, such as containerization using Docker and deployment to cloud infrastructure.
Use AWS technologies (including but not limited to Sagemaker, EC2, S3) to deploy and monitor production environments.
Keep abreast of developments in the field, with a dedication to learning in the role.
Document diligently and communicate thoughtfully about ML experimentation, design, and deployment.
Project scope: Define and design solutions to machine learning problems. Integration with larger systems done with guidance of more-senior.


Requirements

BSc in Computer Science, Mathematics or similar field.
Master’s degree is a plus.
3+ years experience as a Machine Learning Engineer or similar role.
Effective Model Development: success is evident when the models developed are accurate, efficient, and align with project requirements.
Positive Team Collaboration: demonstrated ability to collaborate effectively with various teams and stakeholders, contributing positively to project outcomes.
Continuous Learning and Improvement: a commitment to continuous learning and applying new techniques to improve existing models and processes.
Clear Communication: ability to articulate findings, challenges, and insights to a range of stakeholders, ensuring understanding and appropriateness.
Ability to write robust, production-grade code in Python.
Excellent communication and documentation skills.
Strong knowledge of machine learning techniques and algorithms, including supervised and unsupervised learning, deep learning, and reinforcement learning.
Hands-on, high proficiency experience with machine learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, and Scikit-learn.
Experience with natural language processing (NLP) techniques and tools.
Strong communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.
Experience taking ownership of projects from conception to deployment, and mentoring more junior team members.
Hands-on experience with AWS technologies including EC2, S3, and other deployment strategies. Experience with SNS, Sagemaker a plus.
Experience with ML management technologies and deployment techniques, such as AWS ML offerings, Docker, GPU deployments, etc.


Benefits



National public holidays.
Vacations: 3 weeks per year.
Work laptop provided.