🔥At Acsys we are looking a AI Engineer for a multicultural IT team.🔥


Company Description
Acsys is an innovative Argentine technology company founded in 2005 with offices in Argentina, Uruguay, Mexico, and the United States. Acsys integrates technologies to solve daily challenges in companies and provides development, consulting, and project implementation in technology infrastructure to create value for their clients.


Responsabilities:
Develop and implement GPT models to generate human-like text for chatbots, question-answering systems, and other natural language processing applications.
Optimize the GPT models for accuracy, performance, and speed, using various algorithms such as deep learning, natural language processing, and unsupervised learning.
Work closely with data scientists to design and implement the data pipeline required for GPT model development.
Use data analysis to evaluate the performance of GPT models and proactively identify areas for improvement.
Stay up-to-date with the latest research and advancements in GPT models and propose new solutions to improve the product.
Develop unit and automated tests to ensure the models are performing as expected.
Work with product managers to ensure that GPT models align with the overall product strategy, and that all requirements are defined and satisfied.


Qualifications
At least 3 years of experience with artificial intelligence and machine learning, with specific experience in developing GPT models.
Expertise in programming languages such as Python, C++, and R, as well as machine learning frameworks like PyTorch, TensorFlow or Keras.
Strong knowledge of natural language processing techniques and algorithms such as transformers, attention mechanisms, and language modeling.
Experience working with large datasets and distributed systems.
Familiarity with software engineering practices and principles, including Agile development methodologies and version control.
Excellent communication skills with team members at different levels with different technical backgrounds.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, highly collaborative environment and manage multiple projects simultaneously.
English: upper/advanced