Finalis is building the largest investment banking platform in the world.

What does Finalis do?

Finalis is the leading platform enabling the securities brokerage landscape to operate legally and compliantly. The firm delivers a white-labeled regulatory affiliation and compliance back-office solution that supports a wide range of private market dealmaking including M&A, capital raising, private placements, direct participation programs, fintech marketplaces, and alternative investment sponsors.

Finalis provides additional leverage to securities brokers with the Finalis Platform, which delivers a hassle-free deal management solution and a Marketplace that connects brokers with one another to gain insights and explore collaborations.

Launched in 2020 and growing rapidly, the SF- and NYC-based firm is on a mission to power dealmakers by building the world’s largest dealmaking platform.

Join us in disrupting the securities industry, for good.


How does Finalis work?

We are a fully-remote company with Finalists distributed between the time zones of Eastern Standard Time and Eastern European Time .

If you’re located outside this time zone range, depending on the needs of your team, you may be requested to be available during specific hours.

Although we don’t have an official physical place to work, we promote gathering with your team or other colleagues whenever possible.


What about your team?

We are looking for a Data Scientist to join our Connect team within the Delivery department and help us scale up our broker-dealer platform, which connects bankers across the globe to work on collaborative deals. You will be responsible for developing and implementing data-driven solutions to optimize deal origination, qualification, and assignment processes. You will also collaborate with other data professionals and business stakeholders to provide insights and recommendations based on data analysis.


What will you be doing?

Collect, clean, and analyze data from various sources, such as internal databases, external APIs, web scraping, etc.

Build and deploy machine learning models to automate and improve deal origination, qualification, and assignment tasks, such as matching bankers with potential clients, scoring deals based on various criteria, and assigning deals to the most suitable bankers

Evaluate and monitor the performance and accuracy of the machine learning models and data pipelines

Analyze customer behavior data to enhance customer segmentation, targeting, and personalization strategies.

Provide recommendations for improving customer satisfaction and retention

Communicate and present the results and findings of the data analysis and machine learning models to both technical and non-technical audiences

Keep up-to-date with the latest trends and developments in data science, machine learning, and the broker-dealer industry


The Connect Data Scientist will report to the Connect Manager


Who are we looking for

Bachelor's degree or higher in computer science, statistics, mathematics, or a related field

Experience in data analysis and machine learning, preferably in the financial sector or a similar domain

Experience in working with relational and non-relational databases, such as SQL, MongoDB, etc.

Proficiency in Python, R and its data science libraries, such as pandas, numpy, scikit-learn, tensorflow, etc.

Experience in using data visualization tools and frameworks

Strong communication and presentation skills, both written and verbal

Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced and dynamic environment

Experience in using cloud platforms and services, such as AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, etc.

You have exceptional written and spoken English

You have a minimum of 4+ years of relevant work experience

You have Google Workspace experience

You have excellent communication skills

You have strong organizational skills

You can handle confidential information

You have the ability to work swiftly with a high sense of urgency and be comfortable with shifting priorities and deadlines

You are a self-starter, quick learner and highly organized with attention to detail

You have the ability to follow up; know what's going on at all times and respond quickly

You are flexible, patient, persistent and have a team spirit attitude

Bonus Track!

Capital Markets / Investment banking knowledge or interest


What do we offer?

100% Remote work (Work from wherever you want!)

Competitive USD salary

High-Speed Internet expenses allowance

Generous Paid time-off (Vacation Time!)

Additional 17 Flex Days (to use in national holidays or personal matters)

Professional Growth Benefits in our E-Learning Platform (Coursera) (take your skills to the next level!)

People Team Partner (to target your roadblocks and customize an action plan for your career path)

Buddy Program

Virtual After-Office Activities

Diverse Culture & Inclusive environment

Why work with Finalis?

We are a fast-paced startup which will enable you to develop skills quickly and work in an entrepreneurial culture where pushing limits and taking risks is everyday business. As we have Finalists from different countries and cultures, we encourage our team members to develop their soft skills, boosting their ability to adapt themselves to different backgrounds.

Finalis’ core values:

Embodying the trust we deliver

Exercising extreme proactivity

Redefining, uniting and evolving

Showing passionate engagement

Practicing Stewardship

Finalis provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetics, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. We are committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce and welcome people from all backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and abilities.

