Launchpad, a people-first technology company, is a leader in North America´s rapidly growing tech sector. Through two solutions, Launchpad supports its clients with digital transformation:

PaasportTM, our iPaaS solution, streamlines software integration and automates workflows. 
Nearshore Staff Augmentation, our managed IT staffing service, connects top IT talent across various geographical regions, bringing industry expertise to leading clients. 

Based in Vancouver, Canada, our operational footprint spans across North and South America, with a second headquarters in Santiago, Chile.

In 2023, our unwavering dedication to innovation garnered recognition as a Deloitte Technology Fast 50™ Program Company. Our clientele boasts industry leaders such as Walmart, GM, TIME Magazine, Salesforce, Tableau, Splunk, Bolt.com, Freedom House, and more.

At Launchpad, we genuinely care about our people as individuals. If you are looking for a team that values growth, drive, and passion for your craft, if you’re seeking a place to achieve your goals and dreams with fairness and integrity, then we’d love to hear from you.

Are you a skilled Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning specialist eager to explore new opportunities? We want to introduce you to our AI/ML specialist talent pool. While we may not have an immediate opening, we are building a selected pool of professionals for upcoming projects. At Launchpad, we value innovation and expertise. By being part of our Talent Pool, you're positioning yourself for exciting opportunities in the future.

Why join our Talent Pool?

Stay ahead: By becoming a part of our Talent Pool, you'll be first in line for consideration when a suitable role opens up. 
Showcase your expertise: Share your skills, projects, and experience with us, so we can match you with the right role. 

What are we looking for?

At least 2 years of proven experience as an AI/ML Specialist or Data Scientist, with a focus on machine learning. 
Proficiency in programming languages such as Python or R for machine learning and data analysis. 
Strong understanding of machine learning algorithms, deep learning, and statistical modeling. 
Experience with machine learning frameworks and libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, scikit-learn). 
Familiarity with data preprocessing techniques and tools. 
Knowledge of data visualization and exploration tools (e.g., Matplotlib, Seaborn). 
Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail. 
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work collaboratively in a team environment. 
Experience with cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP) for AI/ML deployment is a plus. 
Advanced english level

Why work for Launchpad?

100% remote
People first culture
Excellent compensation in US Dollars
Hardware setup for working from home
Work with global teams and prominent brands based in North America, Europe, and Asia
Training allowances
Personal time off (PTO) for vacations, study leave, personal time, etc. 
...and more!

At Launchpad, we genuinely care about our people as individuals. If you are looking for a team that values growth, drive, and passion for your craft, if you’re seeking a place to achieve your goals and dreams with fairness and integrity, then you are the future of Launchpad. Launchpad is committed to fostering a diverse and representative workforce and an inclusive work environment where all employees are respected and treated equally.

Are you ready to elevate your career at Launchpad? We want to hear your story! Contact us today.