At Encora we are looking for a great talent like you to join our team as the next Principal AI Engineer 

Would you like to join our great team of engineers? Here we will tell you more about us and the role!


About the role:



Our Requirement:

10 years of experience in software engineering related fields.
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, or related field
Proficiency in writing technical documentation and requirements in English.
Experience building RESTful microservices and deep understanding of building cloud-based services (or)
Production experience in cloud-based AI or ML systems particularly in developing and deploying machine learning models.
Experience performing pull request and code reviews and providing effective, helpful feedback to team members.
Demonstrated work with NoSQL databases. Experience with columnar, time series databases such as InfluxDB, Timestream or QuestDB (or)
Hands-on experience with Data science, Machine Learning and Statistical systems and Python packages such as pandas, scipy, scikit-learn, pytorch, dask, pyarrow, ray.
Preferred:
Graduate degree in computer science, mathematics, or related field
Experience writing unit tests as part of development cycle and using code coverage tools
Knowledge of containerization technologies, including Docker and Kubernetes
Familiarity with database, performance, profiling and tuning tools
Experience with bug and feature tracking and source control systems; Jira, Confluence, and Git


Why you will love working with us:

Work from Home/ Work from Anywhere and available workplace office space if preferred
Private medical insurance
Birthday day-off
Referral bonuses
Flexible work schedules and work patterns for a better work/life balance
Continuous technical training
Working in a Great Place To Work characterized by a horizontal and dynamic environment
Corporate recognition program
Career path that will allow you to grow with us.
Among others


About Encora:

Encora is a global company that offers Software and Digital Engineering solutions, with more than 9000 Encorians around the world. Our technology practices include Cloud Services, Product Engineering, Data Science and Engineering, Digital Experience, DevOps, Cybersecurity, Quality Engineering, among others.