At Kin + Carta, we’ve got opportunities to offer you — for growth, for leadership, for big, world-changing impact and for, dare we say it, fun. We are a global workforce that is committed to building a world that works better for everyone. And that starts with our Kin. That’s why we’re proud of:


The life we create within our virtual walls, every day
Our B Corp certification
Our ranking in Consulting Magazine's 2022 “Best Large Firms to Work For”
The work we’ve done with some of the world’s most innovative companies


The role

Ideal candidates will have strong quantitative backgrounds and analytical discipline. While they will have some demonstrated ability to write code, they will not have learned programming languages for the sake of building their resume, but rather as a means to express their intellectual curiosity and analytical voice. Kin + Carta will provide a platform and training to help them reach their full potential.

Kin + Carta is looking to hire a Data Engineer to join our growing capabilities team. If you are innovative, passionate about data and AI technologies, and look to continually learn and enjoy sharing expertise, read on!

Role responsibilities


Analyze a collection of raw data sets to create meaningful impact to large enterprise clients while maintaining a high degree of scientific rigor and discipline.
Engineer data pipelines and products to help stakeholders make and execute data driven decisions.
Communicate analytical findings in an intuitive and visually compelling way.
Creating highly visual and interactive dashboards via Tableau, PowerBI, or custom web applications
Conducting deep dive analysis and designing KPIs to help guide business decisions and measure success
Engineering data infrastructure, software libraries, and APIs supporting BI and ML data pipelines
Architecting cloud data platform components enabling the above
Building and tracking project timelines, dependences, and risks
Gathering stakeholder requirements and conducting technical due diligence toward designing pragmatic data-driven business solutions


Minimum Qualifications

We want all new hires to succeed in their roles at Kin + Carta. That's why we've outlined the job requirements below. To be considered for this role, it's important that you meet all Minimum Qualifications. If you do not meet all of the Preferred Qualifications, we still encourage you to apply.


Proven industry experience executing data engineering, analytics and/or data science projects or Bachelors/Masters degree in quantitative studies including Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or computation-intensive Sciences and Humanities.
Proficiency (can execute data ingestion to insight) in programmatic languages such as SQL, Python, R
5 years of experience working in similar roles. 


Preferred Qualifications


Proficiency in visualization/reporting tools such as Tableau and PowerBI or programmatic visualization library such as R ggplot2, Python matplotlib/seaborn/bokeh, Javascript D3.
Proficiency scripting in UNIX environment
Proficiency in big data environments and tools such as Spark, Hive, Impala, Pig, etc. 
Proficiency with cloud architecture components (AWS, Azure, Google)
Proficiency with data pipeline software such as Airflow, Luigi, or Prefect
Ability to turn raw data and ambiguous business questions into distilled findings and recommendations for action
Experience with statistical and machine learning libraries along with the ability to apply them appropriately to business problems
Proficiency in front and back-end web application development stacks and frameworks (Javascript, HTML, CSS, React/Vue/AngularJS) including API design (REST/GraphQL) and library development 
Experience leading and managing technical data/analytics/machine learning projects


About Kin + Carta

Kin + Carta is a global digital transformation consultancy committed to working alongside our clients to build a world that works better #ForEveryone. We build digital solutions that connect people, data and technology for some of the world’s most influential companies. As a Certified B Corp, we are committed to Inclusion, Diversity, Equity and Awareness, and our triple bottom line focus of people, the planet and profit.

If you need accommodations at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.