Liberty Latin America´s Advanced Analytics area is responsible for delivering measurable and actionable value to all the group´s business functions (commercial, finance, operations, networks, etc..) through data and analytics-based enhancements. Those enhancements will be a mix of AI/ML models and operationalized strategies which allow the different areas to improve their decisions and actions.


Key Accountabilities



The ideal candidate will have a very strong technical background in Big Data and pipeline automation, practical experience in AWS, and will fulfil the following main functions:


Develop ETL processes to add new data sources to the data lake or any other data management environment used by the advanced analytics area
Provide data to business analytics and data science teams to ensure the optimal way to consume for the business needs.
Investigate and test new technologies that could improve our processes.
Permanently enable the Data Science team´s and Business Analytics teamwork through timely and high-quality input data delivery
Work with stakeholders including data, design, product and executive teams and assist them with data related technical issues.
Integrate and work with various data sources to provide a single, comprehensive view of the customer.
Support in orchestrating seamless experiences across marketing, sales and customer service channels.
Design and develop integrations that facilitate the transfer of data between systems.
Execution and monitoring of daily CDP routines to ensure data integrity and continuous availability.
Implementation and configuration of monitoring tools to supervise CDP performance.
Identification and rapid response to real-time alerts and anomalies to ensure system stability.
Support data integrations and data quality framework.


Preferred education/ qualifications:



Bachelor’s degree in information technology or related technical field.
Proven education or certifications in data management and cloud.
Proficient English skills.


Experience:

3+ years of proven experience in Data ETL / data engineering.
Advanced knowledge in one or more programming languages (Python, R, Scala, Java, C/C++ or similar).
Proficiency in command-line usage and scripting in Linux.
AWS Toolset (S3, Lambda, Step Functions, Glue, Athena, Redshift).
Data Catalog, Data Governance, Data Lineage is a plus.
Hands-on experience with Docker for efficient deployment of containerized applications.
Experience in BI-Reporting is a plus.
Experience with or knowledge of Agile Software Development methodologies.
Knowledge of data security best practices and the ability to implement measures to protect data integrity and privacy.
Familiarity with networking concepts, communication protocols and security in data transfer over networks.
Understand the fundamental principles of a Customer Data Platform and have experience in its implementation is a plus.


We will be happy to count with you for the new challenges of 2024. If you are interested apply and we will gladly contact you. Salary up to 4000 USD a month. The candidate can based anywhere in Latin America