Join Loka and build with the latest tools and collaborate on projects you can be proud of.


Our Machine Learning teams launch for Silicon Valley startups and life-sciences giants alike.


All that, plus 100% remote work AND every other Friday off! 😎
 
Benefits:

Every other Friday off (26 extra days off a year)
LokaLabs™ incubator
Relocation program
Remote and flexible
Explore Program: 3 months abroad
Paid sick days and local holidays
Mental health benefits and more


The Role:

Understand business objectives and develop models that help achieve them, along with metrics to track their progress.
Design and implement complex ML systems using classical ML, DL and Foundation Models by following best practices.
Lead client communications gathering requirements, managing expectations, and communicating deliverables.
Wrangle, explore and visualize data with a careful eye for issues that require data cleaning as well as differences in data distribution that may affect performance when deploying the model in the real world.
Analyze the errors of the model and design strategies to overcome them
Deploy, maintain, and upgrade ML models and pipelines.


Main Requirements:

4+ years of machine learning engineering experience
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related
Experience with Python, machine learning libraries and AI/ML frameworks (PyTorch, HuggingFace, TensorFlow, Keras, Scikit-learn, Spark etc.)
Strong understanding of statistical, machine learning and deep learning algorithms. Candidates with NLP experience preferred.
Experience building GenAI solutions, namely prompt engineering (e.g: Langchain), fine-tuning and serving LLMs, search and embeddings, etc.
Experience with MLOps, favorably in AWS (e.g: Sagemaker) as well as standards tools (e.g: MLFlow)
Experience visualizing and manipulating big datasets
Ambition to learn and grow into different industries with a modern tech stack
Autonomy, adaptability and positivity (fully remote and globally distributed team)
Proficient in English
