Trafilea is a dynamic and innovative Tech E-commerce Group that operates multiple direct-to-consumer brands in the intimate apparel and beauty sectors, with a focus on using data-driven strategies to scale their businesses. In addition to our products, we have our own online community dedicated to promoting body positivity. As a rapidly growing global player, Trafilea is committed to creating high-quality products and services that enhance the customer experience and drive long-term growth.

Marketing@Trafilea: Work across multiple brands, leverage data-driven strategies, and drive rapid growth in a dynamic remote work environment. We have 3 business lines with brands based on digital marketing & growth strategies.

Our intimate apparel Brands: Shapermint, Truekind and Shapermint Essentials,

Our beauty Brands: Revel Beauty and Spa Dr.

Our content and subscription Brand: The BodCon.

We're looking for a passionate and methodical Senior Data Analyst (Customer Acquisition), to combines data, computational science, and technology to provide high-value insights into the business, and through the use of statistical analysis and data visualization techniques that enable enhanced business performance.

Expected outcomes & responsibilities

Leads data analysis projects, contributing expertise towards defining project scope, objectives, data requirements and methodologies; works with partners and stakeholders to achieve project objectives, including influencing strategic and operational decisions.

Designs and delivers briefings and provides expert advice including recommendations to Marketing Acquisition team and stakeholders based on analytical findings, to influence strategic and operational decisions.

Provides expert guidance on implementation Acquisition marketing analytics plan

Provides leadership in using data as a vital business resource by setting priorities for generating insights from data.

Develops methodologies for testing campaigns, analyzing key metrics, and identifying opportunities to improve marketing performance.

Identify trends and opportunities for growth through analysis of complex data sets

Applies scientific techniques and tools, and interpretation of findings which result in significant and long-term impacts to work unit objectives and operations for the organization.

Prepares highly technical and science-based reports and documents (i.e.standards of practice, internal briefing notes, feasibility reports, evaluation reports, presentations), and other project management documents.

Participates in the design and validation of digital analytics dashboards to assess digital performance and analyze trends.

Promotes and propagates data analytical skills across Trafilea, understanding the variety of functional roles relating to data analytic/science and how they can be most effectively applied to solve business problems and clearly communicates insights through data visualization techniques.

Collaborate with marketing stakeholders to translate their needs into meaningful and actionable high impact analysis or potential machine learning solutions

Draw meaningful conclusions from data and identify potential opportunities for improvement via customer journey reporting and attribution approaches

Improve our attribution/media mix methodology through a combination of analysis, lift/incrementality tests, & internal data resources

Builds econometric and statistical KPIs for various problems including propensity, forecasting, pattern analysis, sampling, simulations, and so forth.

Designs, implements, and evaluates experiments, A/B test, AdHoc analysis, or forecasting to solve business’s most complex issues.

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Economics or quantitative focused study

Experience in marketing analytics and understanding KPIs from Tableau and Excel computention.

Deep experience in data analysis and manipulation, both in SQL and NoSQL databases.

Deep Experience working with SQL and Data Warehouse data.

Experience working with Python for Analytics.

Highly analytical and quantitative, with strong attention to detail.

Proactive in taking ownership of projects and issues.

Capability to manage several projects and areas.

Passionate about learning and implementing new data-related technologies in the market.

Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively.

Eager to take on new challenges and learn new things.

Experience in marketing analytics or e-commerce analytics (desirable).

What we offer:
Collaborate with world-class talents in a data-driven, dynamic, energetic work environment.

Opportunity to grow and develop both professionally and personally.

Safe space to be who you truly are, with a commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion.

Openness to new ideas and initiatives.

Great benefits package including remote work, 15 working days of paid holidays, Learning subsidy, and more!