Factored was conceived in Palo Alto, California by Andrew Ng and a team of highly experienced AI researchers, educators, and engineers to help address the significant shortage of qualified AI & Machine-Learning engineers globally. We know that exceptional technical aptitude, intelligence, communication skills, and passion are equally distributed around the world, and we are very committed to testing, vetting, and nurturing the most talented engineers for our program and on behalf of our clients.

We are seeking a skilled and experienced Data Engineer proficient in Flink, Kubernetes, AWS, and Scala to join our dynamic team. As a Data Engineer, you will play a crucial role in designing, developing, and maintaining our data infrastructure and pipelines. Your expertise in Hadoop MapReduce and Scala will be essential in building scalable and efficient data solutions that enable data-driven decision-making across the organization.

What you will be doing:

Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture across multiple data sources, including licensed and scraped data.
Design and develop optimal data processing techniques: automating manual processes, data delivery, data validation and data augmentation.
Design, develop, and optimize data pipelines and ETL processes using Flink, Kubernetes, AWS, and Scala.
Manage analytics tools that provide actionable insights into usage, customer acquisition, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics.
Design and develop a API integrations in order to feed different data models.
Architect and implement new features from scratch, partnering with AI/ML engineers to identify data sources, gaps and dependencies.
Identify bugs and performance issues across the stack, including performance monitoring and testing tools to ensure data integrity and quality user experience.
Build a highly scalable infrastructure using SQL and AWS big data technologies.
Keep data secure and compliant with international data handling rules.

What you must bring:

7+ years of professional experience shipping high-quality, production-ready code.
Strong computer science foundations, including data structures & algorithms, OS, computer networks, databases, algorithms, and object-oriented programming.
Experience in data pipelines, Flink, Kubernetes, AWS, and Scala.
Experience setting up data pipelines using relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres, Cassandra, or MongoDB.
Experience with cloud services for handling data infrastructure such as: Databricks, Snowflake, GCP, Azure, or AWS.
Proven success manipulating, processing and extracting value from large heterogeneous datasets.
Strong analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets.
Expertise with version control systems, such as Git.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English.

Nice to have:

BSc in Computer Science, Mathematics or similar field; Master’s or PhD degree is a plus.
Experience with design of ETLs using Apache Airflow.
Experience with real-time scenarios, low-latency systems and data intensive environments is a plus.

At Factored, we believe that passionate, smart people expect honesty and transparency, as well as the freedom to do the best work of their lives while learning and growing as much as possible. Great people enjoy working with other passionate, smart people, so we believe in hiring right, and are very selective about who joins our team. Once we hire you, we will invest in you and support your career and professional growth in many meaningful ways. We hire people who are supremely intelligent and talented, but we recognize that intelligence is not enough. Perhaps more importantly, we look for those who are also passionate about our mission and are honest, diligent, collaborative, kind to others, and fun to be around. Life is too short to work with people who don’t inspire you.

We are a transparent workplace, where EVERYBODY has a voice in building OUR company, and where learning and growth is available to everyone based on their merits, not just on stamps on their resume. As impressive as some of the stamps on our resumes are, we recognize that human talent and passion exist everywhere, and come from many backgrounds, so stamps matter much less than results. All of us are dedicated doers and are highly energetic, focusing vehemently on execution because we know that the best learning happens by doing. We recognize that we are creating OUR COMPANY TOGETHER, which is not only a high-performing fast-growing business, but is changing the way the world perceives the quality of technical talent in Latin America. We are fueled by the great positive impact we are making in the places where we do business, and are committed to accelerating careers and investing in hundreds (and hopefully thousands) of highly talented data science engineers and data analysts.

In short, our business is about people, so we hire the best people and invest as much as possible in making them fall in love with their work, their learning, and their mission. When not nerding out on data science, we love to make music together, play sports, play games, dance salsa, cook delicious food, brew the best coffee, throw the best parties, and generally have a great time with each other.