Please submit your resume in English - we can only consider applications submitted in this language.

Minimum qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
3 years of experience building Machine Learning (ML) solutions.
Experience coding in one or more languages (e.g., Python, Scala, Java, Go, or similar), data structures, algorithms, and software design.
Experience working with technical customers.

Preferred qualifications:

2 years of experience working with recommendation engines, data pipelines, or distributed machine learning.
Experience with deep learning frameworks (e.g., Tensorflow), Vertex AI, or Generative AI.
Experience in technical consulting.
Knowledge of Machine Learning Operations and BigQuery Machine Learning.
Familiarity with foundational concepts of application development, infrastructure management, data engineering, and data governance.

About The Job

The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and build what's next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. Our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will play a key role in understanding the needs of our customers and help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.

As an AI Engineer, you will design and implement machine learning solutions for customer use cases, leveraging core Google products. You will work with customers to identify opportunities to apply machine learning in their business, travel to customer sites to deploy solutions, and deliver workshops to educate and empower customers. Additionally, you will partner with Product Management and Product Engineering to build and drive excellence in our products.

In this role, you will work with Google Cloud customers. You will support customer implementation of Google Cloud products through architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring, and more.

Google Cloud accelerates organizations’ ability to digitally transform their business with the best infrastructure, platform, industry solutions and expertise. We deliver enterprise-grade solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology – all on the cleanest cloud in the industry. Customers in more than 200 countries and territories turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to enable growth and solve their most critical business problems.

Responsibilities

Act as a trusted technical advisor to customers and solve machine learning issues.
Develop and optimize machine learning models, design processing systems and orchestrate Machine Learning (ML) pipelines.
Work with customers, partners, and Google Product teams to deliver tailored solutions into production.
Create and deliver recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.
Mentor customers on the practical issues in Machine Learning systems, including feature extraction/feature definition, data validation, monitoring, and management of features/models.


Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .