Be part of a revolutionary change

We’re totally transforming our business, and building our future on smoke-free products with the power to improve the lives of a billion smokers worldwide.

With huge change, comes huge opportunity. So, wherever you join us, you’ll enjoy the freedom to dream up and deliver better, brighter solutions and the space to move your career forward in different directions.

Who we are looking for?


 An agile person able to learn on the fly within changing environment and growing department
 An action-oriented, fast learning problem solver with a university degree in Logistics or Finance
 A person with at least 1 – 2 years of relevant business experience in Master Data, Supply Chain, Procurement or Finance area
 A candidate with fluent English, with a strong attention to details and very good knowledge of Microsoft Office and Excel
 You should have solid understanding of Master Data Management and Finance implications. Knowledge and experience of using SAP MDG would be an asset.


'Your day to day':


 Be responsible for calculating, validating and consolidated maintenance of selling and purchasing conditions - - - Be responsible for material master extension process
 Ensure on time data completeness in SAP to enable sales of goods, and work with various resources to achieve it
 Ensure correctness and accuracy of various pricing models and calculation schemes used in PMI pricing process flows
 Identify, investigate, and correct master data quality issues
 Identify areas for improvement of processes where applicable
 Contact with different groups among PMI Company including SCE and Affiliates Management team
 Participate in projects and initiatives impacting finance, selling or purchasing processes


What we offer:

Our success depends on the men and women who come to work every single day with a sense of purpose and an appetite for progress. Join PMI and you too can:


 Seize the freedom to define your future and ours. We’ll empower you to take risks, experiment and explore.
 Be part of an inclusive, diverse culture, where everyone’s contribution is respected; collaborate with some of the world’s best people and feel like you belong.
 Pursue your ambitions and develop your skills with a global business – our staggering size and scale provides endless opportunities to progress.
 Take pride in delivering our promise to society: to improve the lives of a billion smokers.
