Who we are?

Clip is changing the way payments work in Mexico! We are empowering people to exchange value directly from a mobile device. Clip enables anyone to accept card payments, at any time, and anywhere by turning your smartphone or tablet into a card terminal. We're a well-funded quickly growing FinTech startup. We are the leaders in our market and are accelerating to extend our lead and move into new markets.

The Role:

We are looking for a Data Engineer to be part of this amazing and fast – growing fintech and will be part of the team responsible for all of the data in the company used to support and implement Clip's mission. This Data Engineer work will be focused closely with product managers within the Product & Technology department as well as other leaders throughout the company to turn data into critical information and knowledge, he/she needs to be a creative thinker with a strong desire to learn and improve. A successful Data Engineer at Clip would propose innovative ways to look at problems by using data manipulation and engineering techniques, while proving that their projects bring value to the company, and they will directly impact business and product decisions for the future of Clip. This candidate must have strong written and verbal communications skills in both English and Spanish and be willing to continue learning and loving technology.

What will I do?

Work as part of a team developing in Python using Agile development methods.
Contribute to team and organizational improvements in process and infrastructure.
Work in the Data team and with the Architecture and DevOps teams to design and build efficient and fault tolerant data pipelines.
Create and populate data lakes and a data warehouse to facilitate data analysis and data science projects. 
Effectively use tools and ingenuity to identify and fix defects before they become a problem.
Invent new things and create world-changing software

Ideal Candidate:

Skills and experience in using Spark and Databricks.
Proficient in Python.
Proficient in OO methodologies, Agile development, design patterns, unit testing, and other software engineering principles and processes. 
Experience with AWS tools such as Redshift, Athena, Lambda, and Kinesis is a plus.
Experience with developing data pipelines, data lakes, and data warehousing solutions.

In Clip, we are committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Clip does not discriminate under any basis of origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, disability, age or other legal status. Clip is an equal opportunity employer.If you are unstoppable, creative and have the skills we need, we want to hear from you!