About The Role

The Team:You will report to the Head of Infrastructure, Latin America, and be working closely with a number of highly experienced industry specialists, not only in Latin America but globally.

The Global Infrastructure Practice was established by S&P Global Ratings to expand our ratings franchise in an area of strong growth and to leverage our significant global infrastructure expertise across the full range of infrastructure and energy asset classes. Analytical team members reside in 16 locations globally and work on a diverse range of transactions applying different ratings criteria.

As important as the pure professional background is the personal and cultural fit. S&P Global's culture can be described as highly integrated & collegiate, as a firm we work supporting each other to deliver the best solutions to clients.

Responsibilities And Impact

At S&P Global Ratings, your analytical opinion truly matters and each person who works here has an essential role in our reputation of integrity, transparency, and ratings excellence. S&P Global Ratings plays a vital role in bringing transparency and comparability to the financial markets and helps investors and others measure and manage credit risk. By supporting capital markets, S&P Global Ratings helps people grow businesses, cities and states to build highways and hospitals, and manufacturers to build factories and create jobs.

The successful applicant will have the opportunity to further expand analytical excellence on an ongoing basis as we aim to encompass achievement within a working environment that is rewarding, stimulating and where there is a constant focus on building skills and competencies through learning.

With the mentorship of senior analysts, you will work closely with the sector team on its ongoing surveillance of a portfolio of rated issuers. You will perform basic fundamental credit analysis, forecasting, and industry analysis. You are likely to be considered for providing input to financial models and written analysis used for reviews and external publications.

This team environment stimulates continuous innovation and highest customer service standards.

What We're Looking For

Basic Required Qualifications:

Bachelor degree holder of Business, Economics, Finance, Engineering, Mathematics, or a related subject.

Analytical skills with an understanding of financial statement analysis and accounting concepts.

Ability to quickly absorb, analyze, and act upon information, while demonstrating strong proficiency with figures

Aptitude for expanding, learning, and passion for contributing.

Highly organized with the ability to multitask and work under time pressure.

StrongExcel/Word/PowerPointand database application skills.

Additional Preferred Qualifications

Strong proficiency with VBA, financial models and financial data.

Knowledge of programming languages (e.g. C++, MATLAB, Python, R or VBA)

Prior experience with data analysis. Knowledge of SQL and experience in databases such as Oracle, Sybase, or Access would be helpful

Return To Work

Have you taken time out for caring responsibilities and are now looking to return to work? As part of our Return to Work initiative, Restart, we are encouraging enthusiastic and talented returners to apply, and will actively support your return to the workplace.

What's In It For You

Infrastructure finance is one of the fastest growing sectors of the capital markets and is a key funding source and growth driver for many areas of the economy. If you are interested in helping to facilitate this growth while challenging yourself in a fast-paced environment, this is the right position for you. It offers the opportunity to work in a collegial culture with great potential for professional development and career growth. To succeed, you must be comfortable with quantitative analysis and have a knack for problem solving. In addition, this role provides a great opportunity to be exposed to a range of markets and asset types; it encompasses compelling analytical expertise and effective management skills.

In the position, you will be working as part of the Global Infrastructure Ratings group at S&P Global Ratings. With the guidance of a senior analyst, a qualified Associate typically maintains direct analytical responsibility for a portfolio of rated issuers within the transportation, energy, power, renewables and utilities asset classes.
