Overview

We're looking for a Data Engineer. Headquartered in Los Angeles, California, Right Balance applies the latest technology and best engineering practices to help businesses grow. We’re in the top 50 companies to watch in LA.

Engagement Details

We're a digital platform for total well-being. We help our community feel their best in body and mind through on-demand yoga, meditation, Pilates, and fitness classes with world-class teachers. Data Engineer plays an important role in our mission and vision to connect people through self-care so that, together, we can heal ourselves and our planet. Support the company's data strategy and work with the Data Team implementing data pipelines, dashboards, models, and AI/ML projects as needed. This role will be responsible for enabling data-driven decisions across the company by sourcing accurate data, building scalable infrastructure, and delivering analytics with predictive modeling. Use various methods to transform raw data into useful data systems, ultimately supporting the team to implement methods to improve data reliability, quality, and relevance.

What’s in it for you

Learn and evolve your skills using the latest and greatest technology tools in a rapidly growing company.
Learn from the best engineers. We constantly challenge the status quo and invent new ways of building a great product.
Flexible hours. Just join daily standups, sprint planning, and retrospective meetings. Other than that, you’re in control of your own schedule.
100% remote. Work anywhere, whether it is remotely in the comfort of your home, in a shared co-working space, in an RV on the beach, or while being a nomad in another country.
Work on challenging problems, innovate, impacting lots of people's lives for the better while having fun doing it.


Required Qualifications

Upper-intermediate to fluent speaking and writing English. Able to have a real-time conversation.
6+ years of full-time hands-on Data Engineering experience.
4+ years of full-time hands-on SQL experience.
4+ years of full-time hands-on Python experience.
Experience designing, developing, and maintaining Extract, Transform, Load (ETL) pipelines, ensuring data quality and integrity throughout the ETL process.
Experience managing and maintaining data warehouse performance to meet organizational requirements.
Deep understanding of conversion, retention, and engagement metrics.
Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, MixPanel, Google Looker.
Knowledge of data engineering and data warehousing concepts, including RedShift, Redshift Spectrum, AWS Glue, AWS Lambda.
Excellent communication and presentation skills to convey technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.
Ability to work collaboratively in cross-functional teams and lead projects from ideation to implementation.
Experience mentoring junior data engineers and guiding best practices in modeling and analysis.
Ability to communicate clearly, and proactively with the team.
Able to respect and support cultural policies, values and processes.
Always strives to support colleagues through positive collaboration.
Ability to treat each team member with respect.
Receptive to change and open to feedback.


Nice to haves

PySpark experience.
Experience in user subscription data.
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or a related field.
Experience in Data Science, Machine Learning, and Statistical Modeling
SAS experience.
Knowledge and experience in utilizing advanced table formatting such as Delta, Hudi, or Iceberg.
Experience building ML Models for new Product Features & Fraud.
Experience with Open Source Data Visualization tools.
Experience with Databricks, Reverse ETL.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent demonstrated ability.


Frequently Asked Questions

What are your typical clients?

The majority of our clients are venture-backed startups in the growth stage. Usually, at this stage, the company already achieved a product-market fit and is looking to expand rapidly. That’s where we bring the best engineering practices, strong architecture, and the latest technologies to help companies scale.

What’s your company size?

The Right Balance team is 60+ engineers going to 100 by the end of the year. The current client size team is 340+ people. The timing is great to be a part of a rapidly growing team making meaningful contributions.

What happens if the engagement is completed?

Most of our engagements are long-term in nature. That said, if the current engagement is ramping down, we’ll present you with more long-term opportunities to transition into.

What are your core values?

Client First: we only win when our clients win. We treat client challenges as our own.

Ownership: we embrace responsibility, taking on challenges, getting them to completion, and enjoying getting things done.

Quality: we’re passionate about achieving quality outcomes by applying meticulous attention to detail.