About Telnyx

Telnyx is an industry leader that's not just imagining the future of global connectivity—we're building it. From architecting and amplifying the reach of a private, global, multi-cloud IP network, to bringing hyperlocal edge technology right to your fingertips through intuitive APIs, we're shaping a new era of seamless interconnection between people, devices, and applications.

We're driven by a desire to transform and modernize what's antiquated, automate the manual, and solve real-world problems through innovative connectivity solutions. As a testament to our success, we're proud to stand as a financially stable and profitable company. Our robust profitability allows us not only to invest in pioneering technologies but also to foster an environment of continuous learning and growth for our team.

Our collective vision is a world where borderless connectivity fuels limitless innovation. By joining us, you can be part of laying the foundations for this interconnected future. We're currently seeking passionate individuals who are excited about the opportunity to contribute to an industry-shaping company while growing their own skills and careers.

The Role

We’re looking for a Frontend JavaScript engineer with familiarity building real-time experiences using WebRTC technologies, to create the next version of our audio & video SDK. Telnyx’s WebRTC SDKs are building blocks from which customers create voice, video and data applications of the future, leveraging our world-wide network for the highest quality real-time streaming. Consider your favorite video and live streaming platforms -- these are the customers we’ll be able to capture with the state-of-the-art WebRTC SDK that you help us build.

In This Role You Will

Build robust JavaScript SDKs for our WebRTC product, with a focus on developer experience and ease of use.
Create proof of concept and sample projects that leverage all the capabilities of our SDKs. 
Collaborate with product managers, designers, and frontend engineers to develop drop-in UI solutions to exciting real-time streaming use cases.
Architect composable, intuitive components that our engineers can assemble to build powerful software workflows that drive their businesses.
Work with latest React, ES6, and HTML/CSS to build and maintain new Telnyx features.
Maintain the testing infrastructure to ensure high-availability of our services and the stability of our codebase.

You’d Be A Good Fit If You Have

Deep experience with other modern frontend JavaScript frameworks and technologies under WebRTC -- as interaction with STUN/TURN servers, audio & video codecs, and cross-browser compatibility.
You take a thoughtful approach to decision making, knowing when to move fast and when to long-term optimize.
You want to work in a fast-paced, product-driven environment.
You keep up to date with the latest frontend technologies and patterns, and enjoy sharing what you’ve learned.
You’re interested in creating proof of concepts with cutting edge technologies.
You have strong UX sensibilities and enjoy polishing the details that matter, without falling into rabbit holes.

What It Is Like To Work At Telnyx

Telnyx is a complex machine with a simple purpose: connect people. We are an intelligent telephony engine, the beating heart of the Telnyx service that routes data along the pathways of our global, private network. We are drop-in APIs for hooking applications into our products, and an administrator portal that puts unprecedented control of configuring and orchestrating the Telnyx service into our customers’ hands.

We’re also an organization of industry experts and engineers focused on solving problems and building solutions. We’re a concierge customer success team and a 24/7 support team. We’re a communications partner, focused on agile and endless innovation, not a telecom slogged in antiquated processes and anti-competitive regulation. We keep the conversation going: the always-on, omnichannel, enriched conversation that the modern world demands.

Communications are coming untethered from devices, and more and more, they’re migrating into our everyday platforms: our social media, our work applications, and our collaboration tools. But, that move started before there was infrastructure to support it—the modern internet will never offer the speed and consistency that real-time communications require. So, we built a network that does and a cloud platform tuned for real-time communications at every layer. Telnyx is the connective matrix, a worldwide nervous system, a high-speed rail tunneling through the information superhighway. We’re the foundation for calls, texts and messaging today, for the internet of things, augmented reality and “communitainment” tomorrow, and for whatever enterprising imaginations can dream up after that.

We’re Telnyx. We’re the future of communications.

At Telnyx, we're looking for people with passion, grit, and integrity. You're encouraged to apply even if your experience doesn't precisely match the job description. Your skills and passion will stand out—and set you apart—especially if your career has taken some extraordinary twists and turns. At Telnyx, we welcome diverse perspectives and people who think rigorously and aren't afraid to challenge assumptions. Join us.

Bring Your Authentic Self to Telnyx

Telnyx is committed to building a team full of diverse perspectives, various backgrounds and different minds. We believe diversity drives innovation. We are committed to building a culture where difference is valued and creating avenues of equity for underserved groups. While we are still a work in progress, we are actively seeking folks who are passionate about building a place of belonging for everyone. 

We're looking for people with passion, grit, and integrity. We believe in transparency, proactivity, and mutual respect. We provide the high-grade tools that help you do your best work, and keep up the collaborative habits that help everyone stay in the loop. No matter where you're based or which team you’re on, you’re plugged in, supported, and helping to shape the future of communications. 

You're encouraged to apply even if your experience doesn't precisely match the job description. Your skills and passion will stand out—and set you apart—especially if your career has taken some extraordinary twists and turns. At Telnyx, we welcome diverse perspectives, rigorous thinkers and assumption challengers. Are you ready to join us?