Crossover is the world's #1 source of full-time remote jobs. Our clients offer top-tier pay for top-tier talent. We're recruiting this role for our client, Trilogy. Have you got what it takes?

We do not believe in hiring consultants. Imagine taking your car to the repair shop for a fix, and they only have a consulting mechanic who recommends that you replace your carburetor. Who is going to do that? When we have problems with our business, we value people who can fix them and not just make pitch decks and general recommendations.

Trilogy has an ever-growing portfolio of 100+ software products spanning multiple industries and geographies. We have different business units that own these products, and Trilogy hosts business-critical functions such as finance, customer support, and hiring for all these business units. In this role, you will work with the senior stakeholders across the business units and functions to help solve the problems they face. For instance, you may work with the SVP of Finance to hire qualified accountants in one week and work with the CIO to evaluate M&A targets using a scalable model the following week.

We are looking for exceptional problem solvers and brilliant thinkers to join our team. Unlike other companies, we do not judge you by arbitrary stamps, such as whether you graduated from X university or worked in a 'top' consulting firm. We want problem solvers who enjoy taking on the challenge of solving complex problems, dive deep to find the root causes of these issues, and propose and implement fixes that solve them.

If you are interested in solving complex problems while gaining unparalleled experience working across business functions and units, apply today!

What You Will Be Doing

Conduct research and analysis to find creative solutions for issues with real business impact.
Use generative AI tools to execute assignments aiming to improve the efficiency of different functions, such as Operations, Hiring, M&A, and more.

What You Won’t Be Doing

Provide high-level insights and recommendations - we want implementers, not consultants.
Develop theoretical scenarios and try to sell potential insights to management - you will work on real business problems with real solutions.

Data Analyst Key Responsibilities

Solve the most complex issues facing the organization.

Basic Requirements

Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field (e.g., Economics, Finance, Mathematics, Engineering)
5+ years of work experience
Experience using generative AI tools to boost productivity at work
