Caylent is a cloud native services company that helps organizations bring the best out of their people and technology using Amazon Web Services (AWS). We provide a full-range of AWS services including: workload migrations & modernization, cloud native application development, DevOps, data engineering, security & compliance and everything in between. At Caylent, our people always come first.

We are a fully remote global company with employees in Canada, the United States and Latin America. We celebrate the culture of each of our team members and foster a community of technological curiosity. Come talk to us to learn more about what it means to be a Caylien!

The Mission

At Caylent, a Data Architect works as an integral part of a cross-functional delivery team to design and implement data management solutions on the AWS cloud for our customers. You will design and document the data architecture, data transformations and schema design, and provide guidance to the engineers performing the hands-on implementation of your design. You will participate in daily standup meetings with your team and bi-weekly agile ceremonies with the customer. Your manager will have a weekly 1:1 with you to help guide you in your career and make the most of your time at Caylent.

Your Assignment

Work with a team to deliver top-quality data solutions on AWS for customers
Participate in daily standup meetings and address technical issues
Design, optimization and migration of relational databases
Be able to write code whenever needed and possible
Lead and help engineers without any direct supervision

Your Qualifications 

Design and implementation of at least two of these:
ETL, Orchestration and CI/CD pipelines
SQL databases, Stored Procedures and Query optimization
Analytics and visualization
MDM and Data Governance
Design and implementation of at least two of these on AWS:
High Availability (HA) solutions, read/write replicas and optimization
RDS and Aurora performance tuning
Large scale application migration and modernization with a heavy focus on DB
Security, access controls and governance on cloud
Expert-level understanding of Data Warehouses, and RDBMSs like Redshift, Snowflake, Postgres, Oracle, SQL Server
Experience with IaC tools such as CloudFormation, CDK, Terraform
Experience with AWS Glue, Lambda, SDK
Experience with CI/CD tools
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Benefits

Pay in USD
100% remote work
Generous holidays and flexible PTO
Competitive phantom equity
Paid for exams and certifications
Peer bonus awards
State of the art laptop and tools
Equipment & Office Stipend
Individual professional development plan
Annual stipend for Learning and Development
Work with an amazing worldwide team and in an incredible corporate culture

Caylent is a place where everyone belongs. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Our approach helps us to build a winning team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and abilities. So, regardless of how your diversity expresses itself, you can find a home here at Caylent.

We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind based on race, color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, genetic information, disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. If you would like to request an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at hr@caylent.com.