The OpenShift Sales Specialist for AI (AI SSP) assumes a pivotal role in providing expert sales support for the seamless execution of Go-To-Market (GTM) strategies related to Red Hat OpenShift AI (RHOAI) within a designated Geographic territory. This role involves leveraging AI strategically to help our customers make the most of their unique data, giving them a competitive edge. It includes tasks like training, building, and managing AI models to achieve significant business outcomes. The successful candidate must possess a unique blend of domain expertise, adept relationship management, and technical prowess to effectively bolster sales initiatives.

The ideal candidate will boast a track record of leadership in steering successful AI initiatives within enterprise settings, whether through direct sales, ownership as a product lead/technical expert, or engagement in consulting projects. Demonstrating the ability to usher these initiatives into production while showcasing tangible business value and outcomes is paramount. This remote role assumes GEO-level ownership, encompassing both business and technical responsibilities.

What You Will Do

Consult on and enable successful execution of RHOAI GTM
Be the virtual leader for in GEO RHOAI sales tactics 
Educate customers and stakeholders alike on the value of Red Hat’s RHOAI solution
Lead and enable on hyper-competitive sales situations for RHOAI
Be a geo-level bi-directional conduit of GTM for RHOAI between sales, P&GE, marketing, enablement, customer success, and SRE/CEE
Work closely with AI business unit and engineering teams by providing feedback and identifying gaps in the offering
Build lasting relationships with cloud providers, ISVs, and other 3rd parties for joint GTM
Interface with regional sales leadership for account planning and GTM

What You Will Bring

Subject matter expertise and experience in AI applications (e.g., deep learning, LLM, NLP, computer vision, or pattern recognition).
Experience in statistical programming language (e.g., Python), applied machine learning techniques, and using OSS frameworks (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch).
Experience with CI/CD solutions in the context of MLOps and LLMOps including automation with Infrastructure as Code (IaC) solutions (e.g. Ansible).
Experience delivering technical presentations and leading business value sessions.
Experience in AI systems design, with the ability to architect and explain data pipelines, ML pipelines, and ML training and serving approaches.
Executive presence with public speaking skills
Expert Practitioner of the Challenger Sales Model
Entrepreneurial mindset

Preferred Qualifications

Computer Science or other technical degree w/ MBA
Previous experience as a sales engineer, technical sales, or similar role (preferably Technical and/or Sales role experience working directly for hyperscalers or in partner ecosystem)
5+ years of Data Science/AI application development experience, including leadership roles 
2+ years of consulting experience with major SI
Product management or ownership role
Extensive community brand in circles such as AI User Group or other AI Communities
Ability to facilitate demonstrations of Red Hat AI solutions and products and cloud services unassisted
Industry vertical experience with Data Science projects. IE - expertise in FSI, medical, defense, and intelligence verticals
Recognized thought leadership in AI/MLOps
