Job Description & Summary
A career in our STEM line of Service, within Technology Strategy services, will provide you with the opportunity to help organisations
develop strategies that transform their technology capabilities and solve their most critical challenges. We focus on building technology enabled and agile operating models, planning their new enterprise architecture into a differentiating capability system that helps them win in the market, leveraging digital analytics to enhance the customer experience and optimising business operations, and using modern management techniques such as robotic
process automation and next generation sourcing strategies to help our clients get fit for growth.


To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.

As an Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:


Invite and give in the moment feedback in a constructive manner.
Share and collaborate effectively with others.
Identify and make suggestions for improvements when problems and/or opportunities arise.
Handle, manipulate and analyse data and information responsibly.
Follow risk management and compliance procedures.
Keep up-to-date with developments in area of specialism.
Communicate confidently in a clear, concise and articulate manner - verbally and in the materials I produce.
Build and maintain an internal and external network.
Seek opportunities to learn about how PwC works as a global network of firms.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.


As a Junior Consultant in DATS, you are an important member of the team supporting transaction-focused projects. In this role, you will work on data analytics assignments that span across the entire lifecycle of an M&A deal. You will support sell- and buy-side due diligence activities by preparing common data models, visualizations, automation and machine learning models. You will take ownership of tasks and work streams of international client-related projects.

Essential
Bachelor’s degree (or advanced) in Engineering, Computer Science, Statistics, Economics or related fields.
Solid knowledge of data models and/or process modelling.
High degree of analytical thinking and ability to solve complex problems.
Willingness to take ownership for tasks.
Strong communication skills in Spanish and English, verbal and written.
You can share your concepts with clarity, get to the core of issues and contribute to our success as a true team player.
Ability to work independently on qualitative and quantitative analyses.
Show self-learning abilities.
Team player who can engage in international teams.
Advanced English level, both verbal and written.
High intermediate skills in MS-Office tools (Excel, Word, PowerPoint).

Desirable
Experience in workflow tools such as Alteryx
Experience in visualization tools such as: Tableau, PowerBI or similar.
Experience in programming languages such as: SQL, Python or similar.
 Required Skills
Data Analysis, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Power BI, Microsoft SQL Server

Optional Skills

Desired Languages (If blank, desired languages not specified)
English