Job Description

Ability to enter data into GUI (Authoring UI)
Ability to translate information from spreadsheet into SQL to load into the GUI
Abiliy to understand data formats
Ability to understand data structure
SQL knowledge/NoSQL knowledge
Knowledge of data
ALDM knowledge of source to target mapping
Understanding of Microservices (Conversion DEEP.IO)
Understanding of CI/CD
Experience with Amdocs DataOne - will be a huge plus
 
Job Responsibilities

Attribute Dev & Maintenance:
Maintains existing data feed data pipelines (adding/removing fields and corresponding model alignment). Primarily performed via Authoring UI (AMDOCS Product)
Data Quality:
E2E data mapping and reconciliation.
Data Ingestion:
Work from last month largely centered around Recon, Full Recon & Transient Data (no Scylla, just straight loads from source).
Automation:
Dev utilities that automate manual tasks and perform quality assurance








What We Offer

Exciting Projects: Come take your place at the forefront of digital transformation! With clients across all industries and sectors, we offer an opportunity to work on market-defining products using the latest technologies.
Collaborative Environment:Expand your skills by collaborating with a diverse team of highly talented people in an open, laidback environment — or even abroad in one of our global centers or client facilities!
Work-Life Balance:GlobalLogic prioritizes work-life balance, which is why we offer flexible work schedules.We offer you the best quality of work life so that you exceed the expectations of our clients, while achieving your professional and personal ambitions.
Professional Development:Our dedicated Learning & Development team regularly organizes English classes, professional certifications, and technical and soft skill trainings. We also offer the chance to travel internationally
Excellent Benefits:We provide our employees with competitive salaries, family medical insurance, extended paternity leave, annual performance bonuses, and referral bonuses.
About GlobalLogic GlobalLogic is a leader in digital engineering. We help brands across the globe design and build innovative products, platforms, and digital experiences for the modern world. By integrating experience design, complex engineering, and data expertise—we help our clients imagine what’s possible, and accelerate their transition into tomorrow’s digital businesses. Headquartered in Silicon Valley, GlobalLogic operates design studios and engineering centers around the world, extending our deep expertise to customers in the automotive, communications, financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, media and entertainment, semiconductor, and technology industries. GlobalLogic is a Hitachi Group Company operating under Hitachi, Ltd. (TSE: 6501) which contributes to a sustainable society with a higher quality of life by driving innovation through data and technology as the Social Innovation Business.
