TrovaTrip is a trip management platform dedicated to making travel safer and more accessible to all. Our mission is to enhance lives via meaningful connections, learning, and exploration. Our team of travel enthusiasts lives out our mission daily.

We are determined to make TrovaTrip one of the best places to work by building trust, respecting personal boundaries, valuing work-life balance, and promoting diversity and inclusiveness. Our commitment to instilling a true sense of ownership and belonging among every employee that will transcend from delighting customers to creating true market value. We believe in an environment where creativity, curiosity, and continuous improvement are encouraged and nurtured.

If you seek to develop your career and thrive off a fast-paced, collaborative culture where you can make an impact, you may be a fit for this position within the TrovaTrip Analytics Team.

About this position:

TrovaTrip is searching for a Data Engineer to be a member of our Analytics Team! We are looking for an experienced data practitioner who is driven to increase the impact of analytics and insights across the organization. You’ll have the opportunity to help the organization level up on the data maturity curve and build models using our best-in-class data stack and leadership support, including FiveTran, Snowflake, dbt, and Sigma.

Your work will directly support Analytics projects and have a measurable impact on the organization. Through ongoing operational learning, you’ll develop an expert understanding of the organization’s data, and partner closely with the Product Engineering, Sales, Marketing, and Trip Experience departments and report to the Director of Analytics.

Essential Functions:

Establish a best-in-class analytics program and further our data-driven philosophy for growth and expansion
Mature the department using data modeling best practices, version control, and documentation for async collaboration
Design and build new ELT-based data models using SQL and dbt
Write reusable SQL queries and transformations to support iterative analytics and data science development
Collaborate with analysts and stakeholders to understand business requirements
Guide the ongoing development of data technical needs and data architecture
Join data from disparate sources to enable better dashboarding, in particular sales/marketing data and events data for product analytics
Design and build internal and consumer facing dashboards for sales, marketing, trip experience, and product engineering. 
Design and build centralized reporting data model (Kimball, Inman, lakehouse, vault, etc) that is agile and self-service oriented. 
Build automations for manual data processes and improve data literacy amongst department groups. 

Qualifications:

Advanced SQL abilities and experience with python, R, etc.
Understanding of the modern data stack and experience managing it - from Insights tools like Sigma, Looker, QuickSight to more under-the-hood infrastructure like BigQuery, Segment, dbt, FiveTran, Airbyte, Snowflake, etc.
A passion for travel, learning and exploration
Strong work ethic and works well independently
Efficiency and ability to succeed in a fast-paced environment
Experience working cross-functionally with various teams internally
Integrity and a dedication to excellence
Exceptional async and collaborative communication skills
Track record of achieving success
Tenacity and resilience

Perks And Benefits

Direct contractor mode with Trovatrip Inc. - Payment 100% in USD.
Stock options.
Opportunities to grow your career along with the company.
Flexible hours 
USD$1,000 for equipment 
Multicultural work environment.